Okay.
So congratulations on reaching the end of another core section.
And as always, let's do a quick review of everything that we learned.
In this section, we introduced the concept of slots.
A slot allows a parent component to inject dynamic aged HTML content into a specified location in the
template of the child component.
The advantage is that in the child component, we can create some bits of the template that are the
same and reusable, while still allowing the parent to customize some section of the template.
We saw a perfect use case with our accordion component because that way the parent component can specify
which content we want it to be hidden or collapsible by the accordion component while still building
out all of the initial expansion and collapse logic in the heart of the accordion component.
We can keep one part the same and we can customize another part of that component by allowing the parent
to inject that dynamic channel directly in line.
So how does this work?
Well, inside the child component, we use the slot component.
And if we want to provide some kind of default or fallback content, we can provide it within the opening
slot and the closing slot tags in the child.
Then we move on to the parent.
We render our child component an independent component.
We write our custom HTML in between the opening and closing tags of the child component and view will
take everything between those opening and closing tags, and it's going to inject it wherever we use
the slot keyword in our child component.
All right.
So we use slots whenever we'd like the parent to inject custom age to help.
Now, an important note here is the differences between slots and props.
We want to use props when we want the parent to provide data to the child component.
So an easy way to think about it is slots is for injecting HTML.
Props is for injecting anything related to JavaScript.
A number of value, a string, a boolean, an array, an object, etc..
They're both kind of similar because they both relate to a parent passing something down to a child,
but they're different as far as their use cases in view.
A slot is for HTML content.
A prop is for some kind of custom data that you would like to pass down to the child.
Both of these features allow us to make a component a lot more reusable.
Finally, when it comes to testing, we saw that the amount or shallow amount function's configuration
object, that is the second argument that we passed to those function.
The configuration object accepts a slots property where we can provide sample HTML for that component
when it is mounted in our test.
Now it's important to note that each slot has a name.
We'll talk more about this concept in the very next section.
But whenever we just use the plain slot syntax, Vue will assign a name of default to that slot.
So if we use slot by itself, that slot gets a name of default.
Thus in our slots object in our test we have to remember to use the property name default that is the
property and then the value is a string representing the HTML.
We would like the test to inject wherever our component is using that slot keyword.
All right.
So with that, that's all there is to cover in this section.
In the very next section, going to talk more about named slots.
So I will see you there.